docs: add documentation on vercel deployment (#14)
Showrin/nextjs-tailwind-storybook-with-ci-cd: README.md

  - [Storybook doesn't Support Some NextJS Features](#storybook-doesnt-support-some-nextjs-features)
  - [License](#license)

## Deployment Guideline

### How to Deploy on Vercel

> 1. Create a vercel account on this [**link**](https://vercel.com/signup)
> 2. Import your repository on this [**link**](https://vercel.com/import/git)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a vercel account on from [**Vercel's Signup Page**](https://vercel.com/signup)
2. Import your repository on this [**Vercel's Dashboard**](https://vercel.com/import/git)
```

Reviewer: @rafat17 could you please change this?

Author: @Showrin bhai, I have changed the reordering and rewording of a few steps under `How To Deploy on Vercel` section.
Thanks
